add new example: Python Job Submit/Wait Example (#50)
flux-framework/flux-workflow-examples: example10/README.md

> ### Example 10(a) - Python Job Submit/Wait

Reviewer: Maybe it is better to split this into two commits:
1. all the python codes
2. this readme

`./submitter_slidingwindow.py 10 3`

```
submit: 5624175788032
submit: 5624611995648
submit: 5625014648832
wait: 5624175788032 Success
submit: 5804329533440
wait: 5624611995648 Success
submit: 5804648300544
wait: 5625014648832 Success
submit: 5805084508160
wait: 5804329533440 Success
submit: 5986144223232
wait: 5804648300544 Success
submit: 5986462990336
wait: 5805084508160 Success
submit: 5986882420736
wait: 5986144223232 Success
submit: 6164435697664
wait: 5986462990336 Success
wait: 5986882420736 Success
wait: 6164435697664 Success
```

---

### Example 10(c) - Python Job Submit/Wait (Specific Job ID)

#### Description: Asynchronously submit jobs, block/wait for specific jobs to complete

1. Allocate three nodes from a resource manager:

`salloc -N3 -ppdebug`

2. Launch a Flux instance on the current allocation by running `flux start` once per node, redirecting log messages to the file `out` in the current directory:

`srun --pty --mpi=none -N3 flux start -o,-S,log-filename=out`

> 3. Submit the **submitter_byid.py** script, along with the number of jobs you want to run (if no argument is passed, 10 jobs are submitted):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Submit the **submitter_wait_in_order.py** script, along with the number of jobs you want to run (if no argument is passed, 10 jobs are submitted):
```

> `./submitter_byid.py 10`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`./submitter_wait_in_order.py 10`
```
